explain new cypress architecture (#315)
Enalean/tuleap-documentation-en: languages/en/developer-guide/back-end/tests.rst

It will launch a local container with a bunch of projects (defined in ``tests/e2e/_fixtures``).
Once the container has started, you must be able to launch the Cypress electron app.

> The test structure respect the Tuleap dictinction between core and plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test structure respects the Tuleap distinction between core and plugins.
```

To write tests in core, just go on core namespace and run `npx cypress open`

.. code-block:: bash

   $> cd tests/e2e/full/
   $> npx cypress open

To write tests in plugins, just go on plugin namespace and run `npx cypress open`

.. code-block:: bash

   $> cd plugins/<plugin_name/tests/e2e/cypress/
   $> npx cypress open

> As reminder a namespace `architecture scheme <https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid-live-editor/#/edit/eyJjb2RlIjoiZ3JhcGggVERcbiAgQVtUdWxlYXBdIC0tPiBwbHVnaW5zXG4gIEFbVHVsZWFwXSAtLT4gQlt0ZXN0c11cbiAgcGx1Z2lucyAtLT4gcGx1Z2luX25hbWVcbiAgcGx1Z2luX25hbWUgLS0-IHRlc3RcbiAgdGVzdCAtLT4gZTJlXG4gIGUyZSAtLT4gY3lwcmVzc1xuICBjeXByZXNzIC0tPiBDW2N5cHJlc3NdXG4gIENbY3lwcmVzc10gLS0-IF9maXh0dXJlc1xuICBfZml4dHVyZXMgLS0-IHByb2plY3QtdG8taW1wb3J0LnhtbFxuICBDW2N5cHJlc3NdIC0tPiBpbnRlZ3JhdGlvblxuICBpbnRlZ3JhdGlvbiAtLT4gdGVzdC5zcGVjLmpzXG4gIENbY3lwcmVzc10gLS0-IHN1cHBvcnRcbiAgc3VwcG9ydCAtLT4gaW5kZXguanMgXG4gIEJbdGVzdHNdIC0tPiBEW2UyZV1cbiAgRFtlMmVdIC0tPiBmdWxsXG4gIGZ1bGwgLS0-IEVbY3lwcmVzc11cbiAgIEVbY3lwcmVzc10gLS0-IEZbX2ZpeHR1cmVzXVxuICBGW19maXh0dXJlc10gLS0-IEdbcHJvamVjdC10by1pbXBvcnQueG1sXVxuICAgRVtjeXByZXNzXSAtLT4gSFtpbnRlZ3JhdGlvbl1cbiAgSFtpbnRlZ3JhdGlvbl0gLS0-IElbdGVzdC5zcGVjLmpzXVxuICBFW2N5cHJlc3NdIC0tPiBKW3N1cHBvcnRdXG4gIEpbc3VwcG9ydF0gLS0-IEtbaW5kZXguanNdXG5cdFx0IiwibWVybWFpZCI6eyJ0aGVtZSI6ImRlZmF1bHQifX0>`_. is available:

Reviewer: I like Base64 like anybody but having the diagram directly in the page as a comment is probably preferable. At least we do not end up with a broken link if they change something on Mermaid JS website.

```suggestion
As a reminded, a, architecture schema is available:

..
    graph TD
        A[Tuleap] --> plugins
        A[Tuleap] --> B[tests]
        plugins --> plugin_name
        plugin_name --> test
        test --> e2e
        e2e --> cypress
        cypress --> C[cypress]
        C[cypress] --> _fixtures
        _fixtures --> project-to-import.xml
        C[cypress] --> integration
        integration --> test.spec.js
        C[cypress] --> support
        support --> index.js 
        B[tests] --> D[e2e]
        D[e2e] --> full
        full --> E[cypress]
        E[cypress] --> F[_fixtures]
        F[_fixtures] --> G[project-to-import.xml]
        E[cypress] --> H[integration]
        H[integration] --> I[test.spec.js]
        E[cypress] --> J[support]
        J[support] --> K[index.js]
```

It will launch a local container with a bunch of projects (defined in ``tests/e2e/_fixtures``).
Once the container has started, you must be able to launch the Cypress electron app.
The test structure respects the Tuleap distinction between core and plugins.

To write tests in core, just go on core namespace and run `npx cypress open`

.. code-block:: bash

   $> cd tests/e2e/full/
   $> npx cypress open

To write tests in plugins, just go on plugin namespace and run `npx cypress open`

.. code-block:: bash

   $> cd plugins/<plugin_name/tests/e2e/cypress/
   $> npx cypress open

> As a reminded, a, architecture schema is available:

Reviewer: As a reminder, an architecture schema is available:
